Making a possibility to hide a trending line in a cost insights plugin (#14654)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/gold-yaks-join.md

---
'@backstage/test-utils': patch
---

> The test utility for PluginProvider called MockPluginProvider has been created. It will be handy in the cases when you use
> \_\_experimentalConfigure in your plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test utility for the plugin context called `MockPluginProvider` has been created. It will be handy in the cases when you use
`__experimentalConfigure` in your plugin. It is experimental and exported through `@backstage/test-utils/alpha`.
```
